[Music]
excuse me I'd like to open up an account
oh great what type of account do you
have in mind
this kind this kind
[Music]
hey excuse me need some help no I'm good
let me take a look you know anything
about cars no not really
[Applause]
thought about you what did you say you
do well that's a secret ever is
that
spent his whole life locked up so for
the times that he broke out he broke out
of San Quentin and eight vote 16
successful escapes now somebody shoulda
told me quit ones in well you find
something you love
[Music]
it's big real big how I got that truck
you think we can pull it off yeah I
think we can probably do it probably
we're gonna be 67 years old I'm gonna
start thinking about my future so how
did the same three guys get away with
all that well haven't gotten away with
that things haven't been caught yet
step on it
just one way stretch out the arms and
cried to that just one day guy with a
gun it just kind of a funny story
you can catch him myself so if I get the
chance
ever wonder what I'm doing or where I'm
going I just think of myself as that
little kid I was now what he'd been
proud of me was he proud of you rebel
boy oh he's getting closer every day
[Music]